Vfnext (#27)
dezordi/IAM_SARSCOV2: README.rst

ViralFlow
=========

> This repository contains the code of Viralflow, a workflow to performs a reference guided genome assembly of SARS-CoV-2 written in Nextflow. The workflow was developed to work with Illumina paired-end reads. Tests with other technologies should be performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the code of Viralflow, a workflow to performs a reference guided genome assembly of non-segmented viruses written in Nextflow. The workflow was developed to work with Illumina paired-end reads. Tests with other technologies should be performed.
```

If you use this workflow for academic purposes, please cite: `ViralFlow: A Versatile Automated Workflow for SARS-CoV-2 Genome Assembly, Lineage Assignment, Mutations and Intrahost Variant Detection <https://www.mdpi.com/1999-4915/14/2/217>`_.

## Documentation

> The offical documentation could be accessed `here <https://viralflow.github.io/index-en.html>`_ in English or `here <https://viralflow.github.io/>`_ in Portuguese.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The official documentation could be accessed `here <https://viralflow.github.io/index-en.html>`_ in English or `here <https://viralflow.github.io/>`_ in Portuguese.
```
